README.md, before:

:oden: [@async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array](https://async-iterable-iterator.github.io/async-iterator-to-array)
==

AsyncIterator to Array conversion for JavaScript.
See [docs](https://async-iterable-iterator.github.io/async-iterator-to-array/index.html).

> :building_construction: Caveat emptor! This is work in progress. Code may be
> working. Documentation may be present. Coherence may be. Maybe.

> :warning: Depending on your environment, the code may require
> `regeneratorRuntime` to be defined, for instance by importing
> [regenerator-runtime/runtime](https://www.npmjs.com/package/regenerator-runtime).

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array/main/LICENSE)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/@async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array)
[![Tests](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array/ci?event=push&label=tests)](https://github.com/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array/actions/workflows/ci.yml?query=branch:main)
[![Dependencies](https://img.shields.io/librariesio/github/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array.svg)](https://github.com/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array/network/dependencies)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array.svg)](https://github.com/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array/issues)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/@async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array)

[![Code issues](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/issues/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array/issues)
[![Code maintainability](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/maintainability/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array/trends/churn)
[![Code coverage (cov)](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/gh/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array/main.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array)
[![Code technical debt](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/tech-debt/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array/trends/technical_debt)
[![Documentation](https://async-iterable-iterator.github.io/async-iterator-to-array/badge.svg)](https://async-iterable-iterator.github.io/async-iterator-to-array/source.html)
[![Package size](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/minzip/@async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array)](https://bundlephobia.com/result?p=@async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array)

Commit message:

:books: docs(README): Add code example and remove WIP warning.

README.md, after:

:oden: [@async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array](https://async-iterable-iterator.github.io/async-iterator-to-array)
==

AsyncIterator to Array conversion for JavaScript.
See [docs](https://async-iterable-iterator.github.io/async-iterator-to-array/index.html).

> :warning: Depending on your environment, the code may require
> `regeneratorRuntime` to be defined, for instance by importing
> [regenerator-runtime/runtime](https://www.npmjs.com/package/regenerator-runtime).

```js
import {asyncIteratorToArray} from '@async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array';

let asyncIterator = ...;
let array = await asyncIteratorToArray(asyncIterator);
```

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array/main/LICENSE)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/@async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array)
[![Tests](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array/ci?event=push&label=tests)](https://github.com/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array/actions/workflows/ci.yml?query=branch:main)
[![Dependencies](https://img.shields.io/librariesio/github/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array.svg)](https://github.com/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array/network/dependencies)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array.svg)](https://github.com/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array/issues)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/@async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array)

[![Code issues](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/issues/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array/issues)
[![Code maintainability](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/maintainability/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array/trends/churn)
[![Code coverage (cov)](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/gh/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array/main.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array)
[![Code technical debt](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/tech-debt/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array/trends/technical_debt)
[![Documentation](https://async-iterable-iterator.github.io/async-iterator-to-array/badge.svg)](https://async-iterable-iterator.github.io/async-iterator-to-array/source.html)
[![Package size](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/minzip/@async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array)](https://bundlephobia.com/result?p=@async-iterable-iterator/async-iterator-to-array)
